Tutorial on how to manage product images (#81)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/rest/tutorials/image/delete.md

---
title: Delete an image 
contributor_name: Goivvy LLC
contributor_link: https://www.goivvy.com/
description: We will learn how to delete an existing image 
--- 

# Delete an image

> We will delete an image with **id=695**. You can see image IDs by using a list API call - see a previous [step](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/rest/tutorials/image/list/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, we will delete an image from a SKU. In this example, we'll use the image `id` of `695`. Use the [list API call](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/rest/tutorials/image/list/) to see image IDs for your SKU.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run the following command to delete an image from the specified SKU:

```

**Endpoint:**

```html
DELETE http://domain.com/rest/default/V1/products/MJ03/media/695
```

> The payload is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload must be empty.
```

Making this suggestion because I noticed if I left the previously used `body` in place, I received a `true` response, but the image was not deleted.

**Response:**

```json
true
```

## Verify this step

> Open `MJ03` on the frontend and notice the image has been deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh the `MJ03` product page and see if your the image was deleted.
```
Also suggest re-running list call.

---
title: Step 4. Delete an image 
contributor_name: Goivvy LLC
contributor_link: https://www.goivvy.com/

> description: We will learn how to delete an existing image 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We will learn how to delete an existing image.
```

--- 

# Step 4. Delete an image

In this step, we will delete an image from a SKU. In this example, we'll use the image `id` of `695`. Use the [list API call](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/rest/tutorials/image/list/) to see image IDs for your SKU.

Run the following command to delete an image from the specified SKU:

**Endpoint:**

```html
DELETE http://domain.com/rest/default/V1/products/MJ03/media/695
```

The payload must be empty.

**Response:**

```json
true
```

> The request might take 30 seconds or so depending on host, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request might take 30 seconds or so depending on the host.
```

> You could try and re-run this call.

Reviewer: Can you explain why they would rerun the call?

---
title: Step 4. Delete an image 
contributor_name: Goivvy LLC
contributor_link: https://www.goivvy.com/
description: We will learn how to delete an existing image.
--- 

# Step 4. Delete an image

In this step, we will delete an image from a SKU. In this example, we'll use the image `id` of `695`. Use the [list API call](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/rest/tutorials/image/list/) to see image IDs for your SKU.

Run the following command to delete an image from the specified SKU:

**Endpoint:**

```html
DELETE http://domain.com/rest/default/V1/products/MJ03/media/695
```

The payload must be empty.

**Response:**

```json
true
```

The request might take 30 seconds or so depending on the host.

## Verify this step

Refresh the `MJ03` product page and see if your image was deleted.

![Deleted Image](../../../_images/delete-image-frontend.png).

> You could try and re-run this call to verify the image could no longer be found. You would get a message: `No image with the provided ID was found. Verify the ID and try again`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can re-run this call to verify that the image can no longer be found. You should receive the following message: `No image with the provided ID was found. Verify the ID and try again`.
```
